hello friends this so that the rubber and the
tarragon video on how to make or sew
weapons and that's a flamethrower a framework
ax
a grenade launcher a bazooka and a
detonator for
for the pumps to stop both
good pumps with many
but to be a sniper we're going to
need this piece
from one to one that brings in all
other sides
or not
now let's flip like that
in the top part is here and
We are going to put a stick like the
that you use to make the umbrella what
we put
those digits
and then we are going to put
a piece of these from a driver
burke
today
and the back is going to put a
of these
then up we'll put another one like
what is
yes but now normal
to stay then we are going to put
around or several pieces one by one
there
Y
and a tear
and it's over
well then fried when for a blue one like that
and back
you already bring two others
with you
if in this part we are going to put
a cylinder
and then finally what would be
the gray legs
and so
it's how our sniper looks
it's the one they just go to bed with and all the
thing
good to do the detonator is very
easy we're going to need a radio and the
what are we going to put a piece of 1 x 2
with a button nothing else
red button is either the donor or
another way that is using these controls
it seemed a little good to me
they seemed the two normal one the two
which is moving to make a flamethrower
it's very easy, we're going to need the same
you are red
back we're going to put a red cylinder
and then we call play
with what
a cone of silver color and then we're going
to put a flame
and remains
If it is our message more
it looks a bit blue
good now the bazooka that is very easy
I need this
and all we have to do is
put a transparent button and red
the times that are very good
what to contravene
to be finally the
and grenade launchers we're going to need this
piece that is the one that comes to you
in the jockey of the planets ship
we put a piece of these
then we put this here and so I go to
make it what the gun looks at it and
the hike degrees
good friends and so we conclude with this
video
Let's see
I think elche
come and come, ask me questions and
also subscribe
in our channels
What are they
the youtube that is then master
who is
facebook that is just like something else
well this was all
comment assemble tips and
see you later